README.md, before:

See: [Thread](https://mailarchive.ietf.org/arch/msg/ietf/oTleIrHnjuvtEUKjpPXCt4Q31Qw/) on ietf@ietf.org mailing list


***
To: ietf@ietf.org

Date: Tue, 10 November 2020 02:24 UTC

Subject: Call for Community Feedback: Retiring IETF FTP Service

The Internet Engineering Steering Group (IESG) is seeking community input on retiring the IETF FTP service (ftp://ftp.ietf.org, ftp://ops.ietf.org, ftp://ietf.org).  A review of this service has found that FTP appears to serve a very small community and HTTP has become the access mechanism of choice.  Given this shift in community usage, reducing the operational complexity of the overall IETF infrastructure seems to outweigh the very limited community served with FTP.  

In reviewing the additional impacts of such a service retirement, the dependencies on FTP have been assessed.  Additionally, it has been confirmed that all information currently reachable through FTP will continue to be available through other services (HTTP, RSYNC, IMAP).

In consultation with the Tools team (Robert, Glen, Henrik, Russ, and Alexey), Communications team (Greg), affected SDO liaisons, IAB Chair, and LLC ED, a proposed retirement plan was developed and is available at:

https://www.ietf.org/media/documents/Retiring_IETF_FTP_Service.pdf

The IESG appreciates any input from the community on this proposal and will consider all input received by December 4, 2020 (to account for the upcoming IETF 109 and holidays).

Commit message:

Update for close of thread

README.md, after:

See: [Thread](https://mailarchive.ietf.org/arch/msg/ietf/oTleIrHnjuvtEUKjpPXCt4Q31Qw/) on ietf@ietf.org mailing list

***
To: ietf@ietf.org

Date: Mon, 07 December 2020 00:36 UTC

Subject: RE: Call for Community Feedback: Retiring IETF FTP Service

The community feedback period on retiring the FTP service has come to close.  Thank you for all of input in the almost 400 messages across several threads.  The full history can be found in the mail archive (https://mailarchive.ietf.org/arch/msg/ietf/oTleIrHnjuvtEUKjpPXCt4Q31Qw/) and a running summary of key themes, positions and lines of discussion was also made (https://github.com/ietf/ftp-retirement-consult-2020/blob/main/status.md).

IESG will need some time to fully review all of the input, and we will return to the community on the topic in the coming weeks.

***
To: ietf@ietf.org

Date: Tue, 10 November 2020 02:24 UTC

Subject: Call for Community Feedback: Retiring IETF FTP Service

The Internet Engineering Steering Group (IESG) is seeking community input on retiring the IETF FTP service (ftp://ftp.ietf.org, ftp://ops.ietf.org, ftp://ietf.org).  A review of this service has found that FTP appears to serve a very small community and HTTP has become the access mechanism of choice.  Given this shift in community usage, reducing the operational complexity of the overall IETF infrastructure seems to outweigh the very limited community served with FTP.  

In reviewing the additional impacts of such a service retirement, the dependencies on FTP have been assessed.  Additionally, it has been confirmed that all information currently reachable through FTP will continue to be available through other services (HTTP, RSYNC, IMAP).

In consultation with the Tools team (Robert, Glen, Henrik, Russ, and Alexey), Communications team (Greg), affected SDO liaisons, IAB Chair, and LLC ED, a proposed retirement plan was developed and is available at:

https://www.ietf.org/media/documents/Retiring_IETF_FTP_Service.pdf

The IESG appreciates any input from the community on this proposal and will consider all input received by December 4, 2020 (to account for the upcoming IETF 109 and holidays).
